Added support to select either the NBA or the WNBA - default remains NBA (#13970)
raycast/extensions: extensions/nba-game-viewer/CHANGELOG.md

# NBA Game Viewer Changelog

## [Improvements] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}

> - Add the ability to select either the NBA or WNBA league to view games, standings, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the ability to select either the NBA or WNBA league to view games, standings, and more.
- Adds a preference to store last values for league, conference etc. in drop-downs instead of default values.
```

Reviewer: @jamtur01 can you please apply this as well?
